Transparency (#9)
snoyberg/snoyman.com: content/posts/transparency.md

This is wonderful news, and I'm happy to hear it. In the ensuing discussion, there were some comments directed at me indicating that there is some desire to make changes like this more approachable. This isn't the first I'm hearing of this. Over the past few months, I've had a few discussions with Haskell community members. I wish these discussions were more public and accessible, but we'll get to that.

I truly believe people are trying to improve Haskell community processes right now. I've shared some thoughts with people to help encourage them towards what I think are vital improvements to make Haskell a better language, a better ecosystem, and a better community. Now that these conversations are (thankfully) beginning to happen more openly, I'd like to put some of my thoughts down in writing here.

> The notes below turned out to be something of a stream-of-conciousness brain dump. There's no particular order or priority. Also, one final thing. I'm making aspirational statements below. I certainly try to achieve these goals. I don't always succeed. My failings as an individual and a maintainer does not preclude that correctness of my points below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The notes below turned out to be something of a stream-of-consciousness brain dump. There's no particular order or priority. Also, one final thing. I'm making aspirational statements below. I certainly try to achieve these goals. I don't always succeed. My failings as an individual and a maintainer do not preclude that correctness of my points below.
```
